docs/volumes_and_segmentations/examples.md, before:

# Examples

Here are a few examples of how cross-scale microscopy data can be explored using Mol\*VS. If you are not familiar with Mol\* Viewer, it will take you a bit of time to get your brearings, so we hope that these examples will help you on your journey.

## From cells to atoms ##
Examining molecular structure and atomic interactions inside 3D volumes
(EMD-1014) with 3D models in the PDB
[Access a pre-made visualization state for emd-1014](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Femd-1014.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1)

## Comparing segmentations ##
Comparing segmentation outcomes produced by different approaches
Manually in IMOD (EMD-9094001) versus default settings in Segger (EMD-9094002)
[Access a pre-made visualization state for emd-9094 with different segmentations](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Femd-9094.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1)

## Tissue microscopy data ##
Exploring very large datasets from tissue microscopy experiments
(EMPIAR-10070) clear annotations. Very responsive once loaded
[Access a pre-made visualization state for empiar-10070](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Fempiar-10070.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1)

## Light microscopy data ##
Exploring large datasets from light microscopy experiments
(IDR-6001240)
[Access a pre-made visualization state for idr-6001240](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Fidr-6001240.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1)

Commit message:

Add: full content for example emd-1014
I had to read 3 papers just to figure out how all this comes together :D

docs/volumes_and_segmentations/examples.md, after:

# Examples

Here are a few examples of how cross-scale microscopy data can be explored using Mol\*VS. If you are not familiar with Mol\* Viewer, it will take you a bit of time to get your brearings, so we hope that these examples will help you on your journey.

## Across experiments and scales ##
[San Martin et al.](https://www.cell.com/structure/fulltext/S0969-2126(01)00642-6) conducted extensive cryo-EM imaging and refined 3D reconstruction of a large bacteriophage by fitting a crystalographic model of P3, the major protein forming the capsid of this bacteriophage, into the cryo-EM data. They were then able to infer potential interactions between the capsid protein and an underlying membrane holding the genomic material of this bacteriophage, as well as to derive a model of this bacteriophage at quasi-atomic resolution. 

**With Mol\*VS, wou can now examine the outcomes of these experiments interactively in the web browser and conduct further examinations of your own.** Access a [pre-made visualization state of the bacteriophage](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Femd-1014.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1). 
![emd-1014](examples/emd-1014.png)
Examine source data: [cryo-EM map](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/emdb/EMD-1014); [crystallographic model](https://www.rcsb.org/structure/1hx6) used for refining the cryo-EM reconstructions; 3D models of the bacteriophage at quasi-atomic resolution as derived from this study [1HB5](https://www.rcsb.org/structure/1hb5) (P3-shell), [1HB7](https://www.rcsb.org/structure/1hb7) (nonsense mutant that does not package DNA), and [1HB9](https://www.rcsb.org/structure/1hb5) (wild type).

## Comparing segmentations ##
Comparing segmentation outcomes produced by different approaches
Manually in IMOD (EMD-9094001) versus default settings in Segger (EMD-9094002)
[Access a pre-made visualization state for emd-9094 with different segmentations](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Femd-9094.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1)

## Tissue microscopy data ##
Exploring very large datasets from tissue microscopy experiments
(EMPIAR-10070) clear annotations. Very responsive once loaded
[Access a pre-made visualization state for empiar-10070](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Fempiar-10070.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1)

## Light microscopy data ##
Exploring large datasets from light microscopy experiments
(IDR-6001240)
[Access a pre-made visualization state for idr-6001240](https://molstar.org/viewer/?snapshot-url=https%3A%2F%2Fmolstarvolseg.ncbr.muni.cz%2Fsnapshots%2Fidr-6001240.molj&snapshot-url-type=molj&prefer-webgl1=1)
