docs/volumes_and_segmentations/running-molstarvs-locally.md, before:

# Running Mol*VS locally

## Is this for you?
Since Mol* is an open-source project with a permissive MIT license, you can set up and use your own independent instance of Mol\*VS. This tutorial will help you navigate the technical steps required for you to run Mol\*VS locally. But first, check if you really need to do this.

**Use case #1:** You are a ***biologist*** and have volume or mesh segmentation data that you wish to visualize before/without submission to a public database. Perhaps you are working with sensitive or embargoed data that should not be shared. Or perhaps you just want to examine the data visually or double-check the format compatibility before you start the cumbersome process of submission to a public database. 

**Use case #2:** You are an ***organization*** and have volume or mesh segmentation data that you wish to share with a private or public user base such that the users can visualize the data in the web browser without having to download anything. Perhaps your team is working from different locations across the world, and they need an easy way to collaborate. Or perhaps you are building a public or proprietary database of microscopy data.

If your situation corresponds to one of the use cases, continue reading and find out how to set up and run your own independent instance of Mol\*VS. If not, perhaps the public Mol\*VS web server with its internal database is sufficient for your needs. If none of these options works for you, please get in touch with us.

Commit message:

Adjustments for consistency
Used host instead of set up and run, added links to the md

docs/volumes_and_segmentations/running-molstarvs-locally.md, after:

# Hosting Mol\*VS locally

Since Mol\* is an open-source project with a permissive MIT license, you can host your own independent instance of Mol\*VS. We have prepared [a tutorial](https://github.com/molstar/molstar-volseg/blob/master/docs/hosting.md) to help you navigate the technical steps required for you to host Mol\*VS locally. This is a pretty technical tutorial, so first check if you really need to do this.

**Use case #1:** You are a ***biologist*** and have volume or mesh segmentation data that you wish to visualize before/without submission to a public database. Perhaps you are working with sensitive or embargoed data that should not be shared. Or perhaps you just want to examine the data visually or double-check the format compatibility before you start the cumbersome process of submission to a public database. 

**Use case #2:** You are an ***organization*** and have volume or mesh segmentation data that you wish to share with a private or public user base such that the users can visualize the data in the web browser without having to download anything. Perhaps your team is working from different locations across the world, and they need an easy way to collaborate. Or perhaps you are building a public or proprietary database of microscopy data.

If your situation corresponds to one of these use cases, and if dealing with scripts sounds enticing to you, proceed to the [tutorial](https://github.com/molstar/molstar-volseg/blob/master/docs/hosting.md) and find out how to host your own independent instance of Mol\*VS. If not, perhaps the public Mol\*VS web server with its internal database is sufficient for your needs. If none of these options works for you, please get in touch with us.
